I, Wang Xin, since I said it
I can definitely do what you ask me to believe in you
Wang Xin wants to piss me off, right?
Mom and Dad, don't fight
Yueyue is afraid
Don't be afraid of this
Longjingtian, look at it
No one believes you at all
You'd better kneel down for me
Prepare to be beaten
Come on, call daddy
Don't worry son
I'll prove it to you now
Hello Longtian
Now bring me 5 million cash
Yo Yo, this play is really good
It's a pity that acting is acting after all
Fake can't be real
Do I need to act?
Longjing Tian, you disappeared for 5 years
I didn't expect to come back and become a lunatic.
Say in a while
You can help us.
Get a chance to meet Long Shuai
After a while, he bragged that he could take out 5 million
It seems
We need to get you to a psychiatric hospital
5 million coming soon
Who wants to take the opportunity of Long Shuai?
As long as the heart is willing
I can also give it to you.